[Docs] Added an "Aliases" page under Guides. [En] (#1042)
snowpackjs/astro: docs/src/pages/guides/aliases.md

---
layout: ~/layouts/MainLayout.astro
title: Aliases
---

> Aliasing is an integral part when it comes to clean and readable code, that's why Astro comes with support for custom aliases out of the box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aliasing is an integral part when it comes to clean and readable code. Astro comes with support for custom aliases out of the box. Allowing you to maintain a clean and organised project. 
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, I'd remove the first line entirely as too opinionated :) Some people think that aliases are Bad™️, and our project doesn't really take a stance one way or the other.

Instead, maybe use the first sentence to explain what an alias is and why you might want to use it. 

Love that you make the point early that Astro supports aliases "out of the box".

## What are aliases?

> Aliases are _keywords_ you can use instead of paths. 

Reviewer 2: consider removing this header, since the start of every page gets an automatic "Overview" header which these two lines feel like they could fall under.

> So instead of `../../components/SomeComponent/` you can use `components/SomeComponent`. Cool, right!

Reviewer: Sorry dude, this is a form of narrative out with the formality used in the docs, gutted I'm the one to do that, 😢
```suggestion
So instead of `../../components/SomeComponent/` you can use `components/SomeComponent`. 
```

Author: Fair enough. 🤷

## Adding a custom alias

> If you navigate to the root directory of your project and open the `snowpack.config.mjs` file you will notice that there are some pre-defined aliases already.

Reviewer: To add custom aliases to your project, located in the root of your project is the `snowpack.config.mjs` file. This configuration file contains the instructions for Astro's build tool, [Snowpack](www.snowpack.dev), on how to build out your Astro project.  Inside the file you will notice that there are already some predefined aliases.

Reviewer 2: note that some projects don't have this file! mention to create one if you don't have it yet.

```ts
// snowpack.config.mjs

> alias: {

Reviewer 2: since some people copy-paste these directly, I'd use the full file format (at least for the first example):

```
// snowpack.config.mjs
export default {
```

---
layout: ~/layouts/MainLayout.astro
title: Aliases
---

An alias is a handy shortcut to your paths. Projects can get quite messy when it comes to file structure. Astro gives you the ability to define _keywords_ which you can use no matter how deep your file is located. 

> So instead of `../../components/SomeComponent/` you can use `components/SomeComponent`. 

Reviewer 2: nit: don't start a sentence with So if you can help it!

```suggestion
With aliases, you can import from `"components/SomeComponent.astro"` instead of `"../../../../../components/SomeComponent.astro"`.
```

title: Aliases
---

> An alias is a handy shortcut to your paths. Projects can get quite messy when it comes to file structure. Astro gives you the ability to define _keywords_ which you can use no matter how deep your file is located. 

Reviewer 2: nit: `to your import paths`.

also: `Projects can get quite messy when it comes to file structure.` is still too opinionated :) How about this?

```suggestion
An **alias** is a handy shortcut for your JavaScript import paths. This can be a great option if you dislike long relative import paths with many repeating `../` segments. Define an **alias** in your project to import directly from some directory no matter how deeply nested a file is located. 
```
